Can I explain?
This will terminate our contract marriage.
The deal is over.
What do you mean?
I'll pay the penalty for breaching our contract.
Once it's settled, I don't want you meddling in my life anymore.
You almost got hurt on set.
I was trying to protect you.
God, I don't need your protection, okay?
I can look out for myself. This is my life.
You're making a big mistake here.
You stay out of my work and my personal life, Edward.
We're done.
Hey, it's Thumba. Can I see you real quick?
Thumba.
You're very talented.
It was such a shame to see you give up.
But I knew you had it in you from the start.
I saw it in you all the way.
Thank you.
Now I strictly get to make decisions for myself.
Now, let's see this next project.
Next project, next project.
Here.
What do you think?
Let's just say that it's a pleasure doing business with you, Jay.
Relations.
Thank you.